---
title: IVA Text Code (NOVA-0007)
date: 2025-01-10
---

While making adjustments to the IVA text to match the creative, the more edits that get made the worse the text becomes. In this example, I have before and after images of the code that changes when I adjusted the font size from 20 to 24. It retains both in the code and makes the outcome variable. The goal would be that it only has one font size associated with it and the previous ones disappear.

---

Here is another example of what happens when altering text in IVA Text. I had the text bolded and a different color, then saw that I needed to change the font size of the entire text, when I did, it applied the color change to all the text and not just the bold text which it was previously applied to.

Made a change to the text size at it applied the color change to the entire text.

<p><span style="color: rgb(0,163,223); font-size: 12.0px;"><span style="color: rgb(0,163,223);"><b>FORTIFY OLE Study Design:</b></span> An ongoing, two arm, multicenter, open-label extension of Phase 3 studies evaluating the long-term efficacy and safety of SKYRIZI (180 mg or 360 mg SC). Patients who completed ADVANCE or MOTIVATE, and the 52-week FORTIFY maintenance period were eligible to participate.</span></p>
Expected result
<p><span style="color: rgb(0,163,223); font-size: 12.0px;"><b>FORTIFY OLE Study Design:</b></span> <span style="font-size: 12.0px;">An ongoing, two arm, multicenter, open-label extension of Phase 3 studies evaluating the long-term efficacy and safety of SKYRIZI (180 mg or 360 mg SC). Patients who completed ADVANCE or MOTIVATE, and the 52-week FORTIFY maintenance period were eligible to participate.</span></p>
